# Calculator Project (2.0)

This is yet another project from The Odin Project curriculum, being the last of their "Foundations" path. The purpose of this project is to showcase abilities in Javascript and as well as a bit of CSS by creating a functional calculator that not only functions but also looks like a calculator!

This calculator is relatively simple, and is able to do basic addition, subtraction, multiplication and division, as well as calculating factorial and exponentials of a number. I originally thought that creating a calculator would be easier than it actually was, but there are many different case-scenarios that need to be kept in mind while coding to make sure that the calculator works as intended. I spent a lot of time fixing bugs and making sure that it doesn't break, so this should be very trustworthy. I first made the HTML and CSS sections of the project, and then moved on to the actual functionality of the calculator (the Javascript section), which was by far the most time consuming part of the project. The calculator also accepts keyboard input, including numpad characters.

Please keep in mind that the factorial and exponential functions do not work with decimal numbers, and will instead round to the nearest integer. I also made this entire project from scratch and researched very little while developing the mathematical functions, which means that the code is probably not the most optimized out there, but this should be fine, as I have a somewhat limited experience with Javascript.

The 2.0 update added mobile suppory (though it doesn't look as good as on PC) and fixed some bugs in the code. I spent a lot of time messing with this project to see what else I could improve or fix, but it honestly works just fine, so there weren't many changes overall.